Translator: Ahmed Magra Auditor: Hussain Laghabi
If you want to buy cocaine with high quality and cheap price,
There is only one place to go.
It is anonymous dark network markets.
You can not access these sites
Through a regular browser such as Chrome or Firefox
Because it's on this hidden side of the internet,
Known as "hidden Tor services",
Where the links are a sterile series of numbers and letters ending in (onion)
You access it through a private browser
It's called the Tor Browser.
Tor Browser was originally a US Naval Intelligence Project.
Then it became an open source program,
Anyone allowed to browse the Internet
Without showing his location.
It does this by encrypting your IP address
Then it directs it across many other computers around the world
Using the same program.
You can use it for regular internet browsing,
But it's also your key to the Dark Grid.
Because of this highly intelligent coding system,
Because the 20,000 or 30,000 sites that are run there - we don't know how many there are -
Very difficult to close.
It is a world without censorship that anonymous users visit.
It is not surprising, then, that it is a natural place to go
Anyone with something that wants to hide it,
Of course, this thing is illegal.
On the dark grid, you'll find
Detectives of Corruption, The New Yorker,
And you'll find blogs of political activity.
You will find pirated book libraries.
But you will also find drug markets,
Illegal pornography, commercial hacking services,
And many, many.
So, the Dark Grid is one of the most exciting and exciting places
Anywhere else on the internet.
And the reason for this - with its innovation of course,
Is that they happen in big business,
He spoke at the best universities of the world,
He also spoke in marginalized groups,
Because these people are marginalized, ostracized and expelled from their country
They are often the most creative, because they have to.
On this side of the internet,
You will not find one of the funny cat pictures,
You will not find any popup ad anywhere.
This is one of the reasons I see it
It will get many of you into the dark grid very soon.
(Laughter)
This does not mean that I suggest one of you to use the network
To have access to excellent quality drugs.
But let's say for a moment you would do it.
(Laughter)
Excuse me.
The first thing that you will notice when registering at one of these sites
It is very similar.
So every product
Thousands of products.
It has a high-quality glossy image,
A detailed description of the product and its price.
And there is an icon "Scan the product"
And the most beautiful of all this, there is even
Report this product button.
(Laughter)
just awesome!
You sail through the site, make your choice,
Bitcoin is paid in cryptocurrency,
Enter an address - preferably not your home address -
And waiting for the product to arrive in the mail,
And always up.
The reason for this is not due to smart coding.
this is important.
But it is much simpler than that.
It is user evaluation.
(Laughter)
You see, every seller in these sites
Uses a pseudonym, this is very natural,
But they continue to use the same nickname to build reputation.
Because it is easy for the buyer to change his mind at any time
It is the only way to trust the seller
She is seeing if he has a good history of positive evaluation
From other users of the site.
The concept of competition and choice is this
Do exactly what economists had predicted.
As prices decrease, product quality rises,
Sellers are kind,
Polite, and the consumer becomes their priority,
They offer all kinds of specials, unique offers,
Buy one get one free, free delivery,
All of this to make you happy
I talked to Dragon Heaven.
(Dragon Heaven) was showing excellent banjo and in good condition
At a reasonable price.
He was working on a refund policy,
Detailed terms and conditions,
And suitable charging times.
"Honorable Dragons Heaven" - that's what I wrote -
Of course, the internal messaging system is also encrypted.
"I'm new here. Do you mind if I buy just one gram of banjo?"
Two hours later, I got a response.
And they always respond.
Hello, thanks for your message.
"Starting with a small dose is the mind's eye. I would have done the same if I were you."
(Laughter)
“So, it is okay if you only want to start with one gram.”
“I hope we do business together.”
Best Regards, (Dragon Heaven).
(Laughter)
I don’t know if he speaks a fine English accent, but I assume he did.
This type of attitude is keen on the consumer
Why is it that when I reviewed 120 thousand ratings
From reviews that have been posted to one of these sites in more than three months,
I found that 95% of these reviews got 5/5
As you can see, the customer is the king.
But what does this mean?
Well, on the one hand,
This means that there are more drugs, more available and easier,
To more people.
In my opinion, this is not a good thing,
But on the other hand, if you intend to use drugs,
You have a reasonable and appropriate way
To ensure a certain level of purity and quality.
This is important for drug users.
You can do this while you are at home.
Without the risk associated with street buying.
As I said,
You have to be creative and innovative to stay in this market.
Twenty or more or less locations are currently running
However, it doesn't always work, not always perfect,
These sites I showed you were closed 18 months ago.
But after she made more than a billion dollars worth of trade.
But these markets,
Due to the difficult conditions in which you work,
These conditions are not appropriate.
These markets are always innovative and thoughtful in ways to become more active
Less centralized, more difficult to monitor,
More attractive to customers.
Let's take a payment system
You do not pay with your credit card,
Of course this is up to you.
But you use Bitcoin cryptocurrency,
That are easy to exchange in real currencies
It gives a high degree of anonymity to its users.
But at the beginning of these sites, people noticed a defect.
Some unscrupulous traders were fleeing people's coins
Before sending drugs to them.
The community has come up with a solution called multiple signature escrow payments.
So when I buy something,
I will send my Bitcoin coin
To another safe and neutral digital wallet.
It will become the seller - who will see that I sent the coin -
Confident that they can send the product to me
And when I receive it,
It will have two out of three people involved in the deal
They are the seller, buyer, and site manager
They will have to sign the deal
With a unique digital signature,
Then the amount will be transferred.
Fabulous!
Excellent!
He's working.
But then they realized that there was a problem with Bitcoin,
Because every trade is made in bitcoin
Register publicly in a public ledger.
So if you are skilled, you can try and find out who is behind them.
So they came to a flipping service.
Hundreds of people send their Bitcoin coins to one address,
Then they are flipped and scattered,
Then the correct amount is sent to the correct recipient,
But they are different bitcoins:
Miniature washing systems.
(Laughter)
this is unbelievable.
Interested in what drugs are currently heading in the dark network markets?
Scan your search engine (Grams).
You can even buy ad space.
(Laughter)
Are you a consumer who is ethical and concerned about what the drug industry does?
Yes.
A seller will offer you a fair trade for organic cocaine.
(Laughter)
It is not from the Colombian drug king,
But the Guatemalan farms.
They even promised to reinvest up to 20% of the profits
In local educational programs.
(Laughter)
There is even a hidden shopper.
Now, whatever you think about the ethics of these sites
I acknowledge that it is not really an easy question
Creating hidden competitive professional markets,
Where no one knows who the other will be,
And its constant confrontation with the danger of the authorities closing it
It is an amazing achievement,
Unusual achievement.
And this kind of innovation
It is the reason that these marginalized people
Often they predict the future.
Due to the short life of the internet,
Easy to forget
The Internet has changed many times
During the past thirty or more years.
It started in the 1970s as a military project,
In the 1980s, it turned into an academic network,
Then it was run by commercial companies in the 1990s,
Then we invaded it all via social media in the early 2000s
But I think it will change again.
And I think things like dark network markets
Safe, hard to monitor
I think it is the future.
The reason is that it is the future
It is that we all worry about our privacy.
Surveys regularly show privacy concerns.
The more time we spend on the Internet, the more we worry about our privacy.
These studies show that our anxiety is increasing.
We worry about what happens to our data.
We worry about who might be watching us.
Since Edward Snowden leaks.
There is a large increase in the number of people
Users of various privacy enhancement tools.
There are now about two to three million users a day
They use the Tor Browser,
Most of its uses are completely legitimate.
Sometimes simple.
There are hundreds of activists around the world
They work on methods and tools that maintain your privacy on the Internet
Like default encrypted messaging services.
(Ethereum), a project that tries to link
Connected hard drives not used by millions of computers around the world,
To create a kind of distributed Internet that is not controlled by anyone.
Currently, we have pre-distributed computing of course.
They are used for everything from Skype to the search for extraterrestrial life.
But you add distributed computing and robust encryption -
Very difficult to monitor and control.
And another one called (midsif), it works on the same basis.
Another is called a twister, and so on.
And this is the matter--
Whenever many of us join,
These sites have become more exciting,
Then more of us will join, and so on.
I think this is what will happen.
In fact, it does happen.
The Dark Grille is no longer a den for merchants
A refuge for those who reveal corruption
It is already moving in the mainstream.
Recently, musician (Avex Twain) released his album as a Dark Web Site
(Facebook) founded a dark network site.
A group of London architects opened a dark web site.
For people who worry about renovation projects.
Yes, the dark web is moving in the mainstream,
And I predict that very soon, social media companies will use,
And every leading news outlet,
And then most of this audience,
The dark grid also.
So the Internet is about to get more interesting,
More exciting, more innovative,
And more terrible
And more destroyed.
And this is good news if you care about liberation.
It is good news if you care about freedom.
It is good news if you are interested in democracy.
It is also good news
If you want to browse illegal pornography
And if you want to buy and sell drugs
Without fear of punishment.
Whether the Internet is completely dark or completely bright.
It is not one side or the other that will work, but both.
Thank you very much.
(clap)